The GDG Düsseldorf DevFest is coming up! 2014 we held a very popular "DevFest", 2015 we took a break - and now it is 2016 and we are back again! 
Mark the dates! #GDGDus will host Devfest2016, a developer conference, the weekend of October 22 and 23.

We are looking motivated speakers for the conference, speakers who would like to share their wisdom on topics around modern development and/or various technologies with us. Talks can be held in English or German, our community is very international.

We are looking for various inspirational talks, not just pure programmer talks (front-end as well as back-end) but also Usability, Accessibility, Best Practices and general IT topics. We are looking for good mix of talks that attracts many different people in the tech industry.

<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf-SqNK56x-fjshc9_lc5eQYMPagNNIh4eu7ldOvgnmwhc1EA/viewform?c=0&w=1" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>

<br/>


Possible topics 
* Web Development (AngularJS, Dart, ...)
* Cloud (AppEngine, CloudPlatform, ...)
* Embedded Topics (Android Embedded, Brillo, ...)
* Firebase
* Android
* iOS
* Tools, Best Practice (did we hear Docker? GitHub?)
* Anything else related to the tech world - whatever comes to mind, feel free to submit a suggestion!

The topics above are just suggestions - GDG is independent and we are free to decide the topics ourselves, depending on our community. We are looking for topics that will interest and inspire the audience. 

Submit your talk as soon as possible, as we will start the process to pick and plan the schedule in September - you don't need to have everything planned out or prepared yet - we just need to know your idea.

Notice! GDG is independent and not tied to a specific company. We are depending on sponsors and cannot cover any expenses. Devfest is however an excellent opportunity to mingle, get inspired and grow as a techie and developer and we hope that will be rewarding enough. 